[eerie music]
[choral voices singing]
[male vocalist singing]
[male vocalist, choir singing]
[music, singing continue]
[female vocalist, choir singing]
[hinges squeaking]
[man counting in Russian]
[truck beeping]
[car horn honks]
[man shouts indistinctly]
[inquisitive music]
[man 2] We're here.
[continues indistinctly]
[grunts]
- [bright music]
- [indistinct chattering]
- [whirring]
- [woman chuckles]
[sighs]
[inquisitive music]
[door creaks]
[female vocalist singing]
[clattering]
- Hello?
Who's there?
[yowling]
[gasps]
[panting]
- [cat howls]
- [screams]
- You scared me to death,
you mangy thing!
I'm just lookin' for an old well.
Know it?
Not talkin', huh?
Magic dowser, magic dowser.
Show me the well!
[air horn blares]
- [gasps]
- [thunder rumbles]
[screams] Get away from me!
[thunder crackles]
- Ooh, let me guess.
You're from Texas or Utah.
Someplace dried out and barren, right?
I heard about water-witching before.
But it doesn't make sense.
I mean, it's just an ordinary branch.
- It's a dowsing rod!
- Ow!
- And I don't like
being stalked!
Not by psycho nerds or their cats!
- He's not really my cat.
He's kind of feral.
You know, wild?
Of course, I do feed him every night.
And sometimes he'll come to my window
and bring me little dead things.
- Look, I'm from Pontiac.
- Huh?
- Michigan?
And if I'm a water witch,
then where's the secret well?
- You stomp too hard,
and you'll fall in it.
- Oh!
- See?
- [thumping echoes]
It's supposed to be so deep,
if you fell to the bottom and looked up,
you'd see a sky full of stars
in the middle of the day.
- Huh.
- Surprised
she let you move in.
My grandma? She owns the Pink Palace.
Won't rent to people with kids.
- What do you mean?
- Oh, I'm not supposed
to talk about it.
I'm Wybie. Wybie Lovat.
- "Wybie"?
- Short for "Wyborne."
Not my idea, of course.
What'd you get saddled with?
- I wasn't "saddled”
with anything.
It's Coraline.
- Caroline what?
- Coraline.
Coraline Jones.
- Hmm.
It's not real scientific,
but I heard an ordinary name like Caroline
can lead people to have ordinary
expectations about a person.
- [grumbles]
- Wyborne?
- I think I heard someone
calling you, Wyborne.
- What?
I didn't hear anything.
- Oh, I definitely heard
someone, "Why-were-you-borne."
- Wyborne!
- [bell ringing]
- Grandma!
[chuckles]
- Well, great to meet
a Michigan water witch.
But I'd wear gloves next time.
- Why?
- 'Cause that dowsing rod
of yours, it's poison oak.
[gasps]
[blows raspberry]
[faint splash]
- I almost fell down
a well yesterday, Mom.
- Uh-huh.
- I would have died.
- That's nice.
- Hmm.
So can I go out?
I think it's perfect weather
for gardening.
- No, Coraline.
Rain makes mud.
Mud makes a mess.
- Mom, I want stuff growing
when my friends come to visit.
Isn't that why we moved here?
- Something like that.
But then we had the accident.
- It wasn't my fault
you hit that truck!
- I never said it was.
- I can't believe it.
You and Dad get paid to write about plants
and you hate dirt.
- Coraline, I don't have
time for you right now.
And you still have unpacking to do.
Lots of unpacking!
- That sounds exciting.
- Oh, some kid left this
on the front porch.
- [Wybie's voice] "Hey, Jonesy.
Look what I found in Grandma's trunk.
Look familiar? Wybie."
[groans]
- Huh.
A little me? That's weird.
- What's his name anyway?
- Wybie. I'm way too old
for dolls.
Hey, Dad. How's the writing going?
Dad!
- Hello, Coraline.
And Coraline... doll?
- Do you know where
the garden tools are?
- It's pouring
out there, isn't it?
- Hmm.
It's just raining.
- Hmm, what'd
"the boss" say?
- "Don't even think about
going out, Coraline Jones!"
- Then you won't need
the tools.
- Oh...
[door squeaks]
- Oh!
You know, this house is 150 years old.
-So?
- So explore it.
Go out and count all the doors and windows
and write that down,
or list everything that's blue.
Just let me work!
- [sighs]
- [keyboard clicking]
- Ugh!
Agh!
Oh, ugh!
[squeaks]
Ah!
[door squeaks]
[crackling]
- No.
No, no! No!
[screams]
- One boring blue boy
in a painfully boring painting.
Four incredibly boring windows.
And no more doors.
All right, little me.
Where are you hiding?
Huh?
Hey, Mom! Where does this door go?
- I'm really, really busy!
- I think it's locked!
Please?
- [groans]
- Will you stop pestering me
if I do this for you?
[whimpers]
- Fine!
[ripping]
- Bricks?
I don't get it!
- They must have closed
this off
when they divided up the house.
- You're kidding.
And why is the door so small?
- We made a deal.
Zip it!
- You didn't lock it.
- [mother yells]
♪ - Oh, my twitchy, ♪
♪ witchy girl ♪
♪ I think you are so nice ♪
♪ I give you bowls of porridge ♪
♪ And I give you bowls of ice... cream ♪
- Why don't you
ever cook, Mom?
- Coraline, we've been
through this before.
Your dad cooks, I clean,
and you stay out of the way.
I swear, I'll go food shopping
soon as we finish the catalog.
Try some of the chard.
You need a vegetable.
- It looks more
like slime to me.
- Well, it's slime
or bedtime, fusspot.
Now what's it gonna be?
- Think they're trying
to poison me?
[sighs]
Don't forget about me, guys, okay?
Good night, little me.
[door squeaks]
[mouse squeaks]
[squeaking]
[squeaks]
[Coraline gasps]
Whoa.
- Huh?
- [crickets chirping]
[woman humming]
[sniffing]
- Hmm, something
smells good.
[humming]
- Mom?
What are you doin' here
in the middle of the night?
- You're just in time
for supper, dear.
- You're not my mother.
My mother doesn't have bu-- but--
- Bu-- b-buttons?
[laughs] Do you like them?
I'm your Other Mother, silly.
Now go tell your Other Father
that supper's ready.
Well, go on. He's in his study.
- [keys pinging]
- Hello?
- Hello, Coraline.
Wanna hear my new song?
- My father can’t play piano.
- No need to.
This piano plays me.
Look.
[music playing]
- & Makin' up a song
about Coraline J
♪ She's a peach, she's a doll ♪
♪ She's a pal of mine ♪
♪ She's as cute as a button ♪
♪ in the eyes of everyone ♪
♪ Whoever laid their eyes on Coraline ♪
♪ When she comes around exploring ♪
♪ Mom and I will never ♪
♪ ever make it boring ♪
♪ Our eyes will be on Coraline ♪
- I'm-- sorry, but
she said to tell you the food's ready.
- Mmm.
Who's starvin'? Raise your hand.
Whoa!
- [laughs]
- [Dad] Ahem.
We give our thanks and ask to bless
our mother's golden chicken breast.
[laughs]
[bell jingles]
- Mmm.
This chicken is good!
- Hungry, aren't you?
- Do you have any gravy?
- Well, here comes
the gravy train.
Choo-choo!
[chuckles]
- Huh.
- Another roll?
Sweet peas?
Corn on the cob?
- I'm real thirsty.
- Of course.
Any requests?
- Mango milkshake?
[gulps]
"Home"?
- We've been waiting
for you, Coraline.
- For me?
- [Dad] Yep.
It wasn't the same here
without you, kiddo.
- I didn't know
I had another mother.
- Of course, you do.
Everyone does.
- Really?
- Uh-huh.
And soon as you're through eating,
I thought we'd play a game.
[tapping]
- You mean,
like hide and seek?
- Perfect!
Hide and seek in the rain.
- What rain?
- [thunder crackles]
- Huh!
What about the mud?
- We love mud here.
- Mud facials, mud baths,
mud pies.
It's great for poison oak.
- How'd you know [--?
I'd love to play,
but I'd better get home
to my other mother.
- But I'm your Other Mother.
- I mean my other
other mother.
Mom Number One?
- Hoo-hoo!
- I think I should get to bed.
- Of course, sweetheart.
It's all made up.
- But--
- Come along, sleepyhead.
- [gasps] Wow.
- Hello, Coraline!
- Hello!
- What's shakin', baby?
- Hello.
- [faint snapping]
- Hey, how's it goin',
Loper?
- Where's your swampers
and toque?
- Cripes almighty!
How are my best trolls?
I can't wait till summer.
You're both comin', right?
- We're already here, Coraline.
- Gone to Oregon?
- Oh.
The mud.
[yawns]
[switch clicks]
- See you soon.
[yawns]
[faint dripping]
- [gasps] It's gone!
My poison oak! It's gone!
Huh.
[shrill whistling]
- It was incredibly
real, Mom.
Only you weren't really you.
You were my Other Mother.
- Buttons for eyes, huh?
Coraline, you only dreamed
you ate all that chicken.
Take your multivitamin, at least.
- You were in
the dream too, Dad.
You had wild-looking pajamas
and orange monkey slippers.
- [chuckles] Orange?
My monkey slippers are blue.
Psst. Can you get me
some of that magic mud
you were talking about?
Because I have a terrible
case of writers' rash on my...
- Ahem!
- If the real Charlie Jones
wants his pages edited,
he'd better wrap them up ASAP.
Coraline, why don't you
go visit downstairs?
I bet those actresses would
love to hear your dreams.
- Miss Spink
and Forcible?
But you said they're dingbats!
- Mm-hmm.
- Bobinsky, Bobinsky,
Bobinsky.
[sniffs]
Ugh! Poo-wee!
[knocking on door]
- Hello?
I think our mail got mixed up!
Shall I leave it outside or--
[gasps]
[clucking]
- Hmm.
- Secret!
[gasps]
- Famous jumping
mouse circus not ready...
[chomps] ...little girl.
- Circus?
Oh, I brought this for you.
[sniffs]
Mmm.
[speaking Russian]
- Huh?
- New cheese samples?
[grunts]
[crackling]
Very clever, using this mix-up
to sneak in my home and peek at mooshkas.
- "Mooshkas"?
- The mice!
- Oh, sorry.
I'm Coraline Jones.
-And I am
the Amazing Bobinsky.
But you call me Mr. B.
Because amazing, I already know that I am.
- Wha...?
- Ha!
You see, Caroline?
The problem is my new songs
go "Oompah, oompah."
But the jumping mice play
only "Toodle-toot," like that.
It's nice, but not so much amazing.
So now I switch to stronger cheese,
and soon... watch out!
Here, have beet. Make you strong.
Do svidaniya, Caroline.
- Cor-aline.
"Oompah-oompah.”
"Toodle-toot. Toodle-toot--"
- Hey, Caroline!
[speaking Russian]
- Wait!
- No!
- Hmm.
The mice asked me to give you message.
- The jumping mice?
- They are saying,
"Do not go through little door."
[gasps]
Do you know such a thing?
- The one
behind the wallpaper?
But it's all bricked up.
- Bah. So sorry.
Is nothing.
Sometimes the mice are
a little mixed up, hmm?
They even get your name wrong, you know?
They call you "Coraline"
instead of "Caroline."
Not Caroline at all!
Maybe I work them too hard.
[shape]
[knocking]
- [barking]
- [gasps]
- Oh, cease
your infernal yapping!
Oh, how nice to see you, Caroline.
Would you like to come in?
We're playing cards.
- Still Coraline,
Miss Spink.
- Miriam!
Put the kettle on!
- April, I think
you're being followed!
- It's the new
neighbor, Miriam.
Caroline.
She'll be having the oolong tea.
- Oh, no, no, no.
I'm sure she'd prefer jasmine.
- No, oolong.
- Ah, jasmine it is, then.
[sighs]
- Come on, boys!
- Are those dogs real?
- Our sweet departed angels.
Couldn't bear to part with them.
So we had them stuffed.
Now there's Hamish the Third...
- Oh, go on.
Have one.
It's hand-pulled taffy from Brighton.
Best in the world.
- ...the Third, the Ninth?
Yes, the Fourth, I'm right--
And Jock Jr. Jock Sr.,
Jock the Third, the Fourth--
Oh, and that's Jock's
cousin twice removed.
I'll read them if you like.
- Read what?
- Oh, your tea leaves, dear.
They'll tell me your future.
Drink up, then. Go on.
No, not all of it, not all of it.
That's right. Now hand it over.
Oh...
oh, Caroline.
Caroline, Caroline, Caroline.
You are in terrible danger.
- Oh, give me
that cup, April.
Your eyes are going.
- My eyes?
You're blind as a bat!
- Oh, now.
Well, not to worry, child.
It's good news.
There's a tall handsome
beast in your future.
- A what?
- Miriam, really.
You're holding it wrong.
See? Danger.
- What do you see?
- I see a very peculiar hand.
- I see a giraffe.
- Giraffes don't just fall
from the sky, Miriam!
- [crashes]
- Oh, Lord!
- Well, what should I do?
- Never wear green
in your dressing room.
- Acquire a very tall
stepladder.
And be very, very careful.
Oh!
Now was there something
you came to tell us?
- No. I guess not.
Thanks for the tea, though.
- [Miriam] Toodle-oo.
- [April] Cheery-bye.
Do you have any nice Queens for Mummy?
[dog whimpers]
- Danger?
[clicks]
- Oh!
- Great!
The village stalker!
- Ow!
I wasn't stalking you.
We're hunting banana slugs.
- What do you mean, we?
[cat meows]
- Ha! Your cat's not wild!
He's a wuss puss!
- What?
He hates to get his feet wet. Jeez!
- Wuss puss.
So that doll, did you
make it look like me?
- Oh, no!
I found it that way.
It's older than Grandma.
Old as this house, probably.
- Come on. Blue hair,
my swampers and raincoat?
- Hey!
Check out "Slugzilla!"
- You're just like them.
- Huh?
- I meant my parents.
They don't listen to me either.
- Mm-hmm.
Do you mind?
Nom, nom... [moans]
[screams]
Hmm...
- Ew!
[laughs]
- You know, I've never been
inside the Pink Palace.
- You're kidding.
- Grandma'd kill me.
Thinks it's dangerous or something.
- Dangerous?
- Well, she had
a twin sister.
-So?
- When they were kids,
Grandma's sister disappeared.
She says she was stolen.
- Stolen?
- [meows]
Well, what do you think?
- Uh, I don't know.
Maybe she just ran away.
- Wyborne!
- [bell ringing]
- Look, I gotta go.
- Wait a minute!
Hmm.
[mouse squeaks]
[squeaks]
[squeaking]
[Other Mother humming]
- Welcome back, darling.
- Hi.
- So thoughtful of you to send
this nice cheddar, Coraline.
- Cheddar?
Oh! The mice bait.
- Would you go
fetch your father?
I bet he's hungry as a pumpkin by now.
- You mean,
my Other Father?
- Your better father, dear.
He's out in the garden.
- But my parents
don't have time to garden.
- Shh! Shh!
- Mmm.
- Go on.
[gasps]
Oh!
- [croaks]
- [laughs]
- Hey!
- I love your garden!
- Our garden, Coraline.
- [giggles] Stop tickling me!
- Oh, daughter in distress.
[tooting]
- Tickle no more,
you dragonsnappers.
- Well, she said
it's time for dinner.
Breakfast? Food?
- Hop on, kiddo.
I wanna show you something.
- I can't believe
you did this!
- Mother said you'd like it.
For she knows you like
the back of her hand.
- Mmm, so good.
- I love dinner
breakfast food.
- Coraline, Mr. Bobinsky
has invited you
to come see the jumping mice
perform after dinner.
- Really?
That know-it-all Wybie said
it was all in Mr. B's head.
I knew he was wrong.
- Well, everything's right
in this world, kiddo.
- Your father and I
will clean up
while you and your "friend"” head upstairs.
- My friend?
Great. Another Wybie.
Hello, "Why-were-you-borne."
Hello?
- I thought you'd like him more
if he spoke a little less.
So I fixed him.
- So he can't talk at all?
- Nope.
- Hmm.
I like it.
- Now run along, you two,
and have fun.
- You're awful cheerful,
considering you can't say anything.
Um, it didn't hurt, did it, when she...
[chuckles]
[knocks]
- Whoa!
- [clucks]
- Cool!
[laughs]
[pops]
[clucking]
[popping]
- Look at you!
[laughs]
- [Mr. B] Lady and gentleman!
For to tickle your eyes and ears
and making hearts to thump,
I, Sergei Alexander Bobinsky,
am introducing my astoun-dishing,
stupen-dulous and amazing
Jumping Mouse Circus!
[squeaking]
- My name!
[music playing]
- It's wonderful, Wybie!
[music continues]
- [music stops]
- Wow!
- [music resumes]
- [mice squeaking]
- Yeah! Whoo!
That was great!
- Very, very thank you,
lady and gentleman.
[squeaks]
[music resumes]
[applause]
- We loved it, Mr. B.
It was so, so...
- Ah...
- Amazing!
- You are very welcome
any time you like.
You and also your good friend there.
Do svidaniya, Coraline.
[yawns]
[groans]
[grunts]
- There were garden squash
like balloon animals
and snapdragons.
Oh, and upstairs I saw
a real mouse circus.
Not pretend like
the crazy man's in our house.
- You sure you won't come?
- Don't fret, Charlie.
They'll love the new catalog.
At least they'll love my chapters.
I did not call him crazy, Coraline.
He's drunk.
- Well, I guess I'll see you
around, you dizzy dreamer.
- Dad!
I'm not five anymore!
[car gears grinding]
- [music playing]
- Ah!
[recorded music playing]
- My kingdom for a horse!
[crashes]
- Put them back.
- But, Mom, the whole school's
gonna wear boring gray clothes.
No one will have these.
- Put them back.
- My Other Mother
would get them.
- Maybe she should buy
all your clothes.
- Coraline] So what do you
think's in the other apartment?
- I don't know.
Not a family of Jones imposters.
- Then why'd you lock
the door?
- Oh, I found
some rat crap.
And I thought you'd feel safer.
- They're jumping mice, Mom.
And the dreams aren't dangerous.
They're the most fun I've had
since we've moved here.
- Your school might be fun.
- With those stupid uniforms?
Right.
- Had to give it a try.
How do you feel about a mustard,
ketchup, salsa wrap for lunch?
- Are you kidding me?
- Hmm. Had to go
food shopping anyway.
Dad's planning something special.
- Disgusting!
- You wanna come along?
You can pick out something you like.
- Oh, like the gloves?
- [sighs] Look, Coraline,
if things go well today,
I promise I'll make it up.
- That's what you
always say.
- Won't be long.
- But / might be.
[clicks]
I knew it was real!
[rain pattering]
[growls]
- [Other Mother's voice]
"Dearest Coraline.
Miss Spink and Miss Forcible
have invited you downstairs after lunch.
I hope you like the new outfit I made you.
Love, Mother.”
[crickets chirping]
[belches]
[cat meows]
- Hmm. Wybie's got a cat
like you at home.
[meows]
Not the quiet Wybie,
the one that talks too much.
You must be the Other Cat.
- No. I'm not
the other anything.
I'm me.
-Um, I can see
you don't have button eyes.
But if you're the same cat,
how can you talk?
- I just can.
- Cats don't talk at home.
- No?
- Nope.
- Well, you're clearly
the expert on these things.
After all, I'm just a big fat "wuss puss."
- Come back, please?
I'm sorry I called you that. I really am.
How'd you get here?
- I've been coming here
for a while.
It's a game we play.
She hates cats
and tries to keep me out.
But she can't, of course.
I come and go as I please.
- The Other Mother
hates cats?
- Not like any mother
I've ever known.
- What do you mean?
She's amazing!
- You probably think
this world is a dream come true.
But you're wrong.
The Other Wybie told me so.
- That's nonsense.
He can't talk.
- Perhaps not to you.
We cats, however, have far
superior senses than humans,
and can see and smell and--
Shh-- I hear something right over...
[meows]
[violin whines]
[musical instruments tuning]
[dog sniffles]
[tuning continues]
[panting]
- Hey, Wybie.
[tuning fades]
[music playing]
She's practically naked!
♪ - I'm known as the siren ♪
♪ of all Seven Seas ♪
♪ The breaker of hearts by the bay ♪
♪ So if you go swimming ♪
♪ With bowlegged women ♪
♪ I might steal your weak heart away ♪
[dogs barking]
[music continues]
- Oh, my God.
♪ - A big-bottomed ♪
♪ sea witch ♪
♪ May bob through the waves ♪
♪ And hope to lead sailors astray ♪
♪ But a true ocean goddess ♪
♪ must fill out her bodice ♪
♪ To present an alluring display ♪
[barking]
- Oh!
♪ - Beware of old oysters ♪
♪ Too large in the chest ♪
♪ Let's banish them from the buffet ♪
♪ I'm far more nutritious-- ♪
♪ - You smell like ♪
♪ the fishes! ♪
♪ - Did I hear a banshee? ♪ {
♪ - You're sea green ♪
♪ with envy ♪
♪ - This mermaid ♪
♪ enchantress.. ♪
♪ - No, I, ♪
♪ "Birth of Venus".. ♪
♪ - Will send sailors ♪
♪ swooning all day-- ♪
- Oh!
[gasps]
[music stops]
[barking]
[pants]
- I can't look.
- Ready to break
a leg, Miriam?
- Our lives for
the theater, April.
[dogs barking]
[laughs]
- "What a piece of work is man.
How noble in reason.”
- "How infinite in faculty.
In form and moving,
how express and admirable."
- "In action,
like an angel.”
- "In apprehension,
how like a god."
[screams]
- "The beauty of the world."
- [laughs]
- "The paragon of animals.”
- Yeah!
[screams]
[laughs]
[barking]
- Hey, there.
- Was it wonderful, dear?
- Oh, yeah.
They swooped down
and pulled me right out of
my seat, Spink and Forcible.
Only they weren't old ladies.
That was just a disguise.
But then I was flying through the air.
And it was...
Oh, it was magic.
- You do like it here,
don't you, Coraline?
- Uh-huh.
Good night, Wybie.
- You could stay here
forever, if you want to.
- Really?
- Sure.
We'll sing and play games.
And Mother will cook your favorite meals.
- There's one tiny little
thing we need to do.
- What's that?
- Well, it's a surprise.
- For you, our little doll.
Black is traditional.
But if you'd prefer pink
or vermillion or chartreuse.
- [gasps]
- Though you might
make me jealous.
- No way!
You're not sewing buttons in my eyes!
- Oh, but we need a yes
if you want to stay here.
- So sharp, you won't
feel a thi-- ow!
- There now,
it's your decision, darling.
We only want what's best for you.
- I'm going to bed
right now!
- Bed?
- Before dinner?
- I'm really,
really tired, yeah.
[yawns]
I just need to sleep on things.
- Well, of course
you do, darling.
I'll be happy to tuck you in.
- Oh, no thanks.
You've done so much already.
- You're welcome.
And I--
We aren't worried at all, darling.
Soon you'll see things our way.
- What's wrong, Coraline?
Don't you wanna play?
- Yeah.
I wanna hug your face.
- Get a grip, soldier!
- Hey, where's your
buttons, Loper?
- You wanna stay, don't you?
- Going home tonight, robots.
And I won't... be... back.
- Go to sleep, go to sleep.
- [Other Mother's voice]
Little thing we need to do.
- [Other Father's voice]
So sharp, you won't
feel a thing.
- Go to sleep, go to sleep.
- Soon you'll see things
our way.
- Mom!
Dad!
[gasps] Oh, God.
I'm still here?
[rattles]
[piano playing]
[banging keys]
- Hey, you!
Where's the Other Mother?
- I wanna go home!
- [bangs]
All will be swell soon
as Mother's refreshed.
Her strength is our strength.
Mustn't talk when Mother's not here.
- If you won't even talk to me,
I'm gonna find the Other Wybie.
He'll help me.
- No point.
He pulled a long face.
And Mother didn't like it.
- Oh!
[crickets chirping]
[cat meows]
And what do you think you're doing?
- Well, I'm getting
out of here.
That's what I'm doing.
Huh? Something's wrong.
Shouldn't the old well be here?
- Nothing out here.
It's the empty part of this world.
She only made what
she knew would impress you.
- But why?
Why does she want me?
- She wants something
to love, I think.
Something that isn't her.
Or maybe she just loves something to eat.
- Eat?
That's ridiculous.
Mothers don't eat daughters.
- I don't know.
How do you taste?
[chuckles]
- Huh?
But how can you walk away from something
and still come back to it?
- Walk around the world.
- Small world.
- [distant fanfare plays]
- Hang on!
[squeaks]
- Stop!
He's one of the circus mice!
- [squeaks]
- [crunches]
[gasps]
- I don't like rats
at the best of times.
But this one was sounding an alarm.
- Good Kitty.
- They say even the proudest
spirit can be broken...
with love.
[gasps]
- Of course, chocolate
never hurts.
Like one?
They're cocoa beetles from Zanzibar.
- Ugh!
I want to be
with my real mom and dad!
I want you to let me go!
- Is that any way
to talk to your mother?
- You aren't my mother.
- Apologize at once,
Coraline!
- No!
- I'll give you
to the count of three.
One...
two...
[yells] three!
- Ow!
What are you doing?
Ow, that hurts!
- You may come out when you've
learned to be a loving daughter!
- [shouts]
[panting]
[gasps]
Who's there?
- Hush and shush.
For the Beldam might be listening.
- You...
you mean, the Other Mother?
Who are you?
- Don't remember our names.
But I remember my true mommy.
- Why are you all here?
- The Beldam.
- She spied on our lives
through the little doll's eyes.
- And saw
that we weren't happy.
- So she lured us away
with treasures and treats...
- And games to play.
- Gave all that we asked
- Yet we still wanted more.
- So we let her
sew the buttons.
- She said
that she loved us.
But she locked us here...
- [all] And ate up our lives.
- Well, she can't keep me
in the dark forever.
Not if she wants to win my life.
Beating her is my only chance.
- Perhaps if you do
win your escape,
you could find our eyes.
- Has she taken those too?
- Yes, miss,
and hidden them.
- Find our eyes,
mistress,
and our souls will be freed.
- I'll try.
[gasps]
[grunting]
- Wybie?
Did she do this to you?
I hope that feels better.
- Shh!
- [Beldam] Coraline?
Is that you?
- Let's go!
[gasps]
- Coraline?
- [rattles]
- Come on.
She'll hurt you again.
- Coraline?
How dare you disobey your mother!
- [gasps]
- Coraline?
[panting]
- [yells] I'm home!
Anybody here?
Hello? Hello, hello?
Real Dad?
Real Mom?
Oh, Mom's groceries!
- [buzzing]
- Oh, that's disgusting.
[doorbell rings]
- I missed you guys
so much!
You'll never--
Oh, the Wybie that talks.
- Huh?
[chuckles]
Yeah. So you know that
old doll I gave you?
Um, my grandma’s real mad.
Says it was her sister's,
the one that disappeared?
- You stole that doll,
didn't you?
- Well, it looked
just like you.
And I figured...
- It used to look
like this pioneer girl.
Then Huck Finn, Jr.
Then it was this "Little Rascals" chick
with all these ribbons and braids!
Grandma's missing sister!
I think I just met her. Come on.
- Listen, I'm really
not supposed to-- whoa!
- She's in there.
- Can you unlock it?
- Not in a million years.
But it wouldn't matter.
She can't escape without her eyes.
None of the ghosts can.
- Uh... yeah.
So I really need to get that doll.
- Great!
I'd love to get rid of it.
Where are you hiding, you little monster?
- You and Grandma
been talkin'?
- The doll's her spy!
It's how she watches you.
Finds out what's wrong with your life.
- The doll is
my grandma's spy?
- No, the Other Mother.
She's got this whole world
where everything's better.
The food, the garden, the neighbors.
But it's all a trap.
- [gulps]
Yeah, I think I heard
someone calling me, Jonesy.
- You don't believe me?
You can ask the cat!
- The cat?
I'll just tell Grandma that
you couldn't find the doll.
Ow!
- You're not listening to me!
- That's 'cause you're
crazy!
[screams]
- You creep!
- Crazy!
- Crazy?
You're the jerk wad that gave me the doll!
Mom? Dad?
Pick it up, Dad, pick it up.
- Dad'
- I'm digging in
my garden right now.
But leave a message
and I'll get right back to you.
- Where have you gone?
[faint whimper]
Uh, don't you only make
wings for the dead ones?
- Just looking ahead, dear.
Angus hasn't been feeling
very well of late.
- April?
Aren't you getting ready?
- We've lost our ride,
Miriam.
Caroline says her parents have
vanished quite completely.
- What?
We've waited months for those tickets!
- I suppose we could walk.
- With your gammy legs?
It's nearly two miles to the theater!
Ahem!
- Oh, oh, yes.
Your missing parents.
We know just what you need.
Miriam, get-- that's right.
- How is 100-year-old
candy gonna help?
[dogs whimper]
[screaming]
[rattling]
- There you go, sweetie.
- What's it for?
- Well, it might help.
They're good for bad things sometimes.
- No, they're good
for lost things.
- It's bad things, Miriam.
- Lost things, April.
- Bad.
- Lost.
- Bad things!
- Lost!
- Bad!
- Good night, Mom.
Good night, Dad.
[sobbing]
[faint purring]
- [purring]
- Hello.
How did you get in?
Do you know where Mom and Dad are?
[gasps]
- Mom? Dad?
[glass squeaking]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[crashing]
[meows]
- How did this happen?
[gasps]
Oh, she's taken them!
They're not coming back,
are they? Mom and Dad?
Not on their own.
Only one thing to do.
[clatters]
- You know you're
walking right into her trap.
- I have to go back.
They are my parents.
- Challenge her then.
She may not play fair,
but she won't refuse.
She's got a thing for games.
- Hmm.
Okay.
[wind whistles]
- Coraline?
- Mom?
- Coraline!
You came back for us!
- Mom!
- Darling, why would
you run away from me?
- Oh!
[chuckles]
Where are my parents?
- Gosh, I have no idea
where your old parents are.
Perhaps they've grown bored of you
and run away to France.
- They weren't bored of me.
You stole them!
- Now don't be difficult,
Coraline.
Have a seat, won't you?
[Other Father mumbling]
[gasps]
[clapping]
[squeaking]
- Why don't you have
your own key?
- Only one key.
- Shh!
The garden squash need tending,
don't you think, pumpkin?
- Squish squash,
pumpkin song.
[squeaking echoes]
- Mom? Dad?
[glass squeaking]
- Where'd she hide you?
- [bell rings]
- [Beldam] Breakfast time!
[humming]
- [thinking] Be strong, Coraline.
♪ - La-la ♪
♪ La-la ♪
♪ La-la.. ♪
- Why don't we play a game?
I know you like them.
- Everybody likes games.
- Uh-huh.
- What kind of game
would it be?
- An exploring game.
A finding things game.
- And what is it you'd
be finding, Coraline?
- My real parents.
- Too easy.
- And the eyes of
the ghost children.
- Huh. What if you
don't find them?
- If I lose, I'll stay here
with you forever
and let you love me.
[sighs]
And I'll let you sew buttons into my eyes.
- Hmm.
And if you somehow win this game...?
- Then you let me go.
You let everyone go.
My real father and mother,
the dead children.
Everyone you've trapped here.
- Deal.
- Not till you
give me a clue.
- Oh, right.
In each of three wonders
I've made just for you,
a ghost eye is lost in plain sight.
- And for my parents?
[chuckles, taps]
Fine. Don't tell me.
- [sighs]
- [tapping continues]
It's a deal.
[gasps]
[dripping]
[sighs]
What does she mean, "wonders"?
Hmm.
[croaks]
- Ugh!
[shape]
No!
[yelps]
[grunts]
[pants]
[buzzing]
- Stop!
[buzzing fades]
Why steal this?
[gasps]
Wow!
That must be it!
- Sorry.
- [screams]
- So sorry.
Mother making me.
Don't wanna hurt you!
Take it!
[moans]
[crackling]
- Bless you, miss!
You found me!
But there's two eyes still lost.
Don't worry.
I'm getting the hang of it.
♪ -I'm known as the siren ♪
♪ of all Seven Seas ♪
♪ The breaker of hearts by the bay ♪
♪ So if you go swimmin' ♪
♪ With bowlegged women ♪
♪ I might steal your weak heart away ♪
[rustling]
- [snarls]
- [gasps]
[growls]
[switch bangs]
- The pearl.
[screams]
- Thief!
Give it back!
- Give it back!
Thief!
- Thief!
- Give it back!
Thief!
- Stop! Thief!
[screaming]
[crackling]
- Hurry on, girl!
Her web is unwinding!
- Oh, Wybie.
[yells] Evil witch!
I'm not scared!
[door creaks]
- [slurring] Hello... golubushka.
- I'm Coraline.
- Is this what
you're looking for?
- Uh-huh.
- You think winning game
is good thing?
[bangs]
You'll just go home, and be bored
and neglected.
Same as always.
Stay here with us.
We will listen to you and laugh with you.
If you stay here,
you could have whatever you want...
[speaking Russian] ...always.
- You don't get it,
do you?
- I don't understand.
- Of course,
you don't understand.
You're just a copy
she made of the real Mr. B.
- Not even that...
[distorted] anymore.
- [screeches]
- [gasps]
[gasps]
- [popping]
- [screams]
No!
[grunts]
[bangs]
[low rumbling]
Oh, God, I've lost the game.
I've lost everything.
[sobbing]
- [rumbling stops]
- [cat meows]
- I think I mentioned
that I don't like rats
at the best of times.
- I think you might have said
something like that.
- It looked like you
needed this one, however.
- Thank you.
[crackling]
I'm heading inside.
I still have to find my parents.
[rumbles, bangs]
[crackling]
Come on! Quickly!
[bangs]
[crackling]
[cat growls]
- So, you're back.
And you brought vermin with you?
- [yowls]
- No. I--
I brought a friend.
- You know I love you.
Mm...
- You have a very funny way
of showing it.
- So where are they--
The ghost eyes?
- Hold on.
We aren't finished yet, are we?
- No, I suppose not.
After all, you still need to find
your old parents, don't you?
Too bad you won't have this.
[chuckles]
- Be clever, miss.
Even if you win, she'll never let you go!
- I already know where
you've hidden them.
- Mmm.
Well, produce them.
- They're behind that door.
- Oh, they are, are they?
[glass squeaking]
- [Cat] There.
- [squeaking]
- Mom? Dad?
[coughing]
- Go on! Open it.
They'll be there, all right.
- You're wrong, Coraline.
They aren't there.
Now you're going to stay here forever.
- No... I'm... not!
[cat yowls]
[screams]
[grunts]
- No!
You horrible cheating girl!
[crackling]
[gasps]
[cackles]
[meows]
[screaming]
- No!
Where are you?
You selfish brat!
[twangs]
[laughs]
You dare disobey your mother?
- Oh!
- [snarls]
Please shut!
[screams]
- [clicks]
- [bangs]
[Beldam screams]
Don't leave me! Don't leave me!
I'll die without you!
- [banging]
- Ah!
[panting]
[gasps]
- [drips]
- Coraline, we're home!
- Mom? Dad?
I missed you so much!
- Missed us?
Oh, no, you broke my favorite snow globe.
- I didn't break it.
It must have broke when you escaped!
- And cut your knee.
- Coraline, I asked you
to count all the windows,
not put your knee through them.
- But...
- Well, get yourself cleaned up.
We're going out tonight.
- We got a lot
to celebrate.
- You're talking about
your garden catalog?
- Of course.
What else?
- But look at the snow
on your clothes.
- What's gotten
into you, Coraline?
- [Dad] Oh! Oh!
- [chuckles]
So gonna order the tulips?
- What's that?
- For the garden party?
- I have no idea
what you're talking about.
- Dad!
So, Mom, invitations?
Don't forget the invitations.
- Even Bobinsky?
- Mr. B's not drunk, Mom.
He's just eccentric.
- [laughs]
- Good night, Coraline.
[door creaks]
[door closes]
[meows]
- Oh, hello again.
You still mad?
I'm really sorry I threw you at her--
The Other Mother.
It was all I could think of.
I think it's time, don't you?
To set them free?
- It's a fine, fine thing
you did for us, miss.
- Well, I'm glad
it's finally over.
- It is over and done with...
for us.
- What about me?
- You're in terrible
danger, girl!
- But how?
I locked the door!
- It's the key, miss.
There's only one,
and the Beldam will find it.
- 'Tain't all bad, miss.
Thou art alive. Thou art still living.
[gasps]
- I gotta hide this
somewhere.
Somewhere she can never--
[meows]
- Out of my way!
[door creaks]
[creaking]
- "Oh, my twitchy
witchy girl,
I think you are so nice.
I give you bowls of porridge,
and I give you bowls of ice... cream.
I give you lots of kisses...
[rattles]
- ...and I give you
lots of hugs.
But I never give you sandwiches
with grease and worms and mung... beans."
[rattles]
- [screams]
[banging]
- [air horn blares]
- [gasps]
- Yah!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[screams]
Oh-hh!
Get off!
[screams]
- [grunts]
[rips]
- [screams]
[panting]
[faint dripping]
- [grunting]
[water splashes]
- I'm really sorry
I didn't believe you
about all this evil stuff, Coraline.
- Why did you change
your mind?
- Well, Grandma showed me
this picture...
after I called you crazy.
It's her and her sister
before she disappeared.
- The sweet ghost girl.
- Wyborne! Come home!
- [bell ringing]
- [sighs] Oh, man.
What am I gonna tell her?
- Just bring her
by the house tomorrow.
We can tell her together.
- We-- we can?
- You know, I'm glad
you decided to stalk me.
[giggles]
- It wasn't my idea.
- [meows]
- Thanks for helping me,
Miss Spink, Miss Forcible.
- Oh, look, April,
Pink Ladies!
- Actually,
it's just lemonade.
How's Angus doing?
- Oh, much better, dear.
But he can't duck his wings forever.
- Here comes a burp.
[belches]
- Charlie!
- Oh, excusez-moi, but
that pizza was delicious.
- Cold drinks?
- Oh, yeah, great.
- You were right, Coraline.
I really hate dirt!
But the tulips look nice.
- Thanks, Mom.
- [Mr. B. muttering] Nyet, nyet.
Da, da, that is possible--
- Ahem!
How are the mooshkas, Mr. B?
- They tell me that you
are savior, Caroline.
And soon as they are ready,
they wish to give special
"thanks you" performance.
- Wyborne, I know
where I'm goin'.
I grew up here.
- Welcome, Ms. Lovat!
- Oh, hello.
- I'm Coraline Jones.
I've got so much to tell you!
- [Mom] Here.
- [Dad] Thanks.
- [April] Do you want to pop
a little gin in it, dear?
- [Miriam] Of course.
[purrs]
[music plays]
[choral voices singing]
[instrumental music playing]
[male vocalist singing]
[male vocalist, choir singing]
[music fades]